feat: make groups scope optional to support azure with OIDC (#9773)
determined-ai/determined: docs/reference/deploy/master-config-reference.rst

SSO user attempts to use an expired session token, they are directly redirected to the SSO provider
and returned to the requested page after authentication.

``exclude_groups_scope``
========================

> Specifies if the groups scope should be excluded for this OIDC Provider. For most OIDC providers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies if the groups scope should be excluded for this OIDC provider. For most OIDC providers
```

> like Okta, this should be false (or blank) if you'd like to provision group memberships. But for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
such as Okta, this should be false (or blank) if you'd like to provision group memberships. But for
```

> some providers like Azure, which do not support groups scope, this should be set to true.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
some providers such as Azure, that do not support groups scope, this should be set to true.
```

> some providers like Azure, which do not support groups scope, this should be set to false.

Reviewer 2: for Azure, `should be set to true`?

Author: fixed
